[DOC] Add Integrations new documentation (#4546)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _integrations/index.md

| `samples` | The folder containing sample logs and translated logs. | 
| `metadata` | The folder containing additional metadata definitions, such as security and policies. |
| `info` | The folder containing documentation, licences, and external references. |
| `config.json` | File containing the [Integrations configuration](https://github.com/opensearch-project/observability/tree/e18cf354fd7720a6d5df6a6de5d53e51a9d43127/integrations/nginx). |
| `display` | Visualization containing the relevant visual components associated with the integration. |
| `queries` | Contains specific PPL queries that demonstrate common use cases. 

## Creating an integration

<insert para about creating integrations; what do we want the user to do with this example?>

#### Example: Integrations configuration 

```json
resource-name
    config.json
    display`
        Application.json
        Maps.json
        Dashboard.json
    queries
      Query.json
    schemas
      transformation.json
    samples
      resource.access logs
      resource.error logs
      resource.stats metrics
      expected_results
    info  

>       documentation

Reviewer: This is an older format, the new format is considerably simplified:

```md
resource-name
- config.json
- display
  - assets.ndjson
- static
  - Screenshots/logos
- schemas
  - component.mapping.json
- data
  - sample_data.json
```

Example: https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-observability/tree/main/server/adaptors/integrations/__data__/repository/nginx

Author: Revised

---
layout: default
title: OpenSearch Integrations
nav_order: 1
has_children: false
nav_exclude: true
---

# OpenSearch Integrations
Introduced 2.9
{: .label .label-purple }

OpenSearch Integrations is a straightforward starting point for OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards users to visualize and understand data using pre-canned dashboards and assets. 

The OpenSearch Project seeks your feedback on this feature. Let us know on the [OpenSearch forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/) how OpenSearch Integrations works for you or how it can be improved. 
{: .label-yellow}

## Setting up OpenSearch Integrations

For the latest developer information, including sample code, articles, tutorials, and API reference, see the following resources:

- [Integrations repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/observability/tree/e18cf354fd7720a6d5df6a6de5d53e51a9d43127/integrations) on GitHub
- [Integration Creation Guide](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-observability/wiki/Integration-Creation-Guide)
- [Integration Creation Reference](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-observability/wiki/Integration-Creation-Reference)

## Integrations schema

> The OpenSearch Integrations schema outlines how to capture, analyze, and visualize data. It includes the selection and configuration of monitoring tools, data collection methods, data storage and retention strategies, and visualization and alerting mechanisms. It follows the [OpenTelemetry Protocol convention](https://github.com/open-telemetry), with OpenSearch [Simple Schema for Observability](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/observing-your-data/ssfo/) handling the translation from the OTEL schema to the physical index mapping templates. 

Author: @derek-ho i'll make changes in this issue so that it's addressed at the same time.

Find detailed information about the schema, including schema examples, in the [OpenSearch Observability READ.me file](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/schema/observability/README.md) and on the [OpenSearch Observability wiki](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-observability/wiki/OpenSearch-Observability--Home#observability-schema).

## Get started

Using the OpenSearch Dashboards interface, you can connect your data, applications, and processes so that you can centrally manage the services you use. All integrations are available in a single view, and OpenSearch Dashboards guides you there from the home page and main menu. 

Learn how to do the following using the OpenSearch Dashboards interface:

- Access integrations
- View integrations
- Add integrations 

![Integrations interface in OpenSearch Dashboards]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations-interface.png)

### Access integrations

To access integrations, open OpenSearch Dashboards and select **Integrations** from the **Management** menu. The interface displays installed and available integrations.

## View integrations

> To view an integration, select the desired integration listed under the **Installed** window. View the integration details, including assets, such as index patterns, searches, visualizations, and dashboards, and fields, such as severity, number, and text. 

Reviewer: Worth noting that for most integrations, the associated dashboard is the typical place to look first.

Author: Revised.

---
layout: default
title: OpenSearch Integrations
nav_order: 1
has_children: false
nav_exclude: true
---

# OpenSearch Integrations
Introduced 2.9
{: .label .label-purple }

> OpenSearch Integrations is a straightforward starting point for OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards users to visualize and understand data using pre-canned dashboards and assets. 

Reviewer 2: Nit, by "pre-canned" do we mean that customers can't use their own data with integrations? Furthermore, are integrations externally sourced or do are they deployed with Dashboards upon installation?

Reviewer 2: Per my previous comment on this line, I think it would be helpful to have a definition for Integrations, even a rough one. Something similar to the following:

```suggestion
OpenSearch Integrations is a straightforward starting point for OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards users to visualize and understand log and metric data for a particular resource, such as NGINX. An Integration contains a bundle of metadata, data mappings, and visualizations that make it simple to monitor data from that integrations resource.
```

@derek-ho: Is the above definition technically accurate?
